# Step Seven

Hold a class discussion to debrief the comparison of the two studies. Students should recognize that the DPP is the stronger and more rigorous study. They are also likely to be somewhat frustrated that they cannot find answers to all the questions on the handout, but this can be a clue as to which is a stronger study.

One of the key things they will probably notice is that the DPP study involved many more participants than the green coffee bean extract study (3,234 vs. 16 participants). From the reading on clinical trials, students should recognize that 16 is a very low number of participants and would be appropriate for the early stages of a trial when researchers are investigating safety issues and side effects—not the effectiveness of a treatment. 

The fact that the DPP study was carried out for 2.8 years vs. 22 weeks for the green coffee bean extract study is another indication of the better design of the DPP study. Twenty-two weeks is a short amount of time for participants to go through 3 phases (doses of treatment or placebo) and washout periods between dosing phases. 

The inclusion of a reference to a full, explicitly detailed research protocol in the DPP reading is another indication of quality, as is its registration in ClinicalTrials.gov. The fact that very little information about the protocol or review by an IRB is in the green coffee bean extract reading weakens the information. 

Most students should recognize that the DPP was a stronger study because it included a large number of participants overall and because it included people from a wide variety of ages, demographic groups, body weights, and sexes. You can inform students that this was a very successful clinical trial. In fact, the data from the DPP were so strong that researchers concluded that the data from a third year of the study were not necessary to answer their research question. 

ClinicalTrials.gov is a website where researchers as well as the public can learn about clinical trials currently underway in the United States and around the world. The website is maintained by the National Institutes of Health. ClinicalTrials.gov does not contain information about all the clinical studies conducted in the United States because not all studies are required by law to be registered (for example, observational studies and trials that do not study a drug, biologic, or device).

**NOTE TO TEACHERS:** The green coffee bean extract study example was chosen for several reasons. First, it was widely covered on TV during the last several years. It also provides students with opportunities to detect problematic aspects of information found on a website. In some ways, these problems make the good qualities of a study like the DPP appear more obvious. Lastly, the goal is for students to become skeptical about information they encounter and to think critically about what is presented rather than just accept it because a website owner claims that a product has been clinically tested or has an MD after their name. Acknowledge that a health-conscious person does not have the time or energy to delve deeply into every health claim that they see. But when a particular heath issue is of personal importance, a health literate person knows what questions to ask and how to evaluate evidence when seeking answers to those questions.
